# Lets Talk

A chatting application using Pion webRTC and gorilla websocket for text, video, voice and file transfer. [Test server](https://unilag-letstalk.herokuapp.com)


# Preface

Lets Talk is a web chatting platform proposal for students. Due to the covid-19 pandemic, neccesity of having an online chatting/learning platform between students and lecturers is vivid.

Lets Talk supports multi-room chats between users, file transfer (over websocket), video and voice calls support with desktop sharing. The idea is to allow minimal bandwidth consumption during video calls by allow one video - multiple audio during call session.

Administrator can only register user ***tentative***


# v0.1.0 Milestone

- [x] Multiple room support for users using gorilla websocket

- [x] Mobile UI

- [x] Desktop UI

- [x] Seamless websocket connection

- [x] Resumable file transfer

- [x] Seamless Desktop screen sharing support

- [x] Voice and Video call support

- [x] Low bandwidth consumption using selective video call transfer [#31](https://github.com/metaclips/LetsTalk/issues/31)

- [x] Video session upload to cloud platforms or Database.

- [ ] Add logging system.

- [ ] Admin portal


# Dependencies

## Backend

 - [Golang](golang.org)
 - [pion/webrtc](https://github.com/pion/webrtc)
 - [mongodb](go.mongodb.org/mongo-driver)
 - [httprouter](github.com/julienschmidt/httprouter)
 - [gorilla secure cookies](github.com/gorilla/securecookie)
 - [gorilla websocket](github.com/gorilla/websocket)


See [go.mod](go.mod) for more information

## Frontend

 - Vue
 - Vuetify


# Installation
```bash
git clone https://github.com/metaclips/LetsTalk.git
cd LetsTalk

go run .
```


Login credentials are generated by administrators on the administrators portal `/admin`. Default email and password for administrator is `admin@email.com` and `admin` which can later be disable or changed.
Users will login through generated email addresses and a password of the first name used to register  `surname` with the first letter titled e.g. Kaduru


# Configuration

Do check [config](config.json) for supported configurations.

To generate TLS certificate for test using tls.

` openssl req -nodes -x509 -newkey rsa:4096 -keyout key.pem -subj "/C=US/ST=Oregon/L=Portland/O=Company Name/OU=Org/CN=example.com" -out cert.pem -days 365 `

- The default ICE servers in use if none is specified in config is: `stun:stun.l.google.com:19302`

- If no TLS key and cert path is specified, HTTP is used.

- If Class session record is enabled, call sessions are recorded and uploaded to file server if a token is provided or file database.

- To generate a Dropbox token, 


# Browser support

- To update when voice call is implemented

# License

[Apache 2.0](LICENSE)
